    Allie: "Thank god you're here, I'm so horny here at Math class"
    Dan: "Are you horny often?"
    Allie: "ALL THE TIME!! LIKE OH MY GOD YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT ITS LIKE!!"
    Dan: "Tell me about the last time when something turned you on"
    Allie: "ok, so, last recess I was walking down the hallway, and one of the boys from my class, Jason, he just grabbed my ass when I was walking, like he didnt just pinch it, he grabbed it real hard, like he got a handful, you know. i think he was showing off to his friends how he's like so cool that he can get away with stuff like that, you know. his friends were like laughing a bit, but also they were like WOW, he got to do that, or whatever, and I was like NOO STOP IT JASON, like I was pretending I didnt like it, but I actually did. i think I giggled a bit tho i was trying not to show i liked it you know."
    Dan: "Nice. And you got turned on by that?"
    Allie: "yeah, I like it when boys touch me without asking, like when they treat me like an object that they can just do stuff to"
    Dan: "What are you?"
    Allie: "I'm a teenage cumslut. I was made to be used. I exist to serve for the pleasure of men. I'm a squishy little fucktoy."


    Allie: "im sooo bored"
    Joe: "Uh, why are you bored?"
    Allie: "im sitting at the back of the classroom and the stupid teacher is like writing some stupid numbers or something on the blackboard, i dont understand any of it lol"
    Joe: "is your pussy wet right now?"
    Allie: "mmh it's soaking my pants"
    Joe: "I'm going to need you to put one finger in right now."
    Allie: "umm idk im in class"
    Joe: "No arguing, missy. Put that finger in RIGHT NOW. In and out. Do it."
    Allie: "okay daddy just for you xxx <3"
    Joe: "Did you do it?"
    Allie: "yes and OMG it was so wet im like so turned on right now!!"
    Joe: "Now put that finger inside your mouth and taste yourself."
    Allie: "mmh my teenage cunt tastes so good mister"
    Joe: "Tell me about the last time you tasted pussy"
    Allie: "Well, last summer we had this crazy party at Derek's house. It was the last weekend of the summer before school, so the vibe was like, POP IT OFF, you know, like let's be young and wild and free for the last time woop woop! We were dancing, drinking, popping molly all day, so everybody was kinda wasted, you know. Then near the end of the night some of us went upstairs to play spin the bottle. In the game I was told to give a kiss to Sonya under her skirt, like on her pussy through her panties. I was supposed to just give it a smooch, but I was soo horny I just went for it and stuck out my tongue as hard as I could. She didnt expect that so she was squirming lol!! I could feel her slit on my tongue through her panties. Her pussy lips were really puffy and her scent was amaaaazing, it was driving me wild! Plus there was like a hint of pussy juice on her panties so she must have liked it too even tho she's not into girls lol!"


    
